Formatted output text follows...

****************************************

Great Management Truths... 1. Have a 
plan. Hip shooters die young. Build your 
plans, and execute them in one straight, 
continuous line. 2. Be a realist. Many 
plans might seem to lead to a happy 
never-never land of easy profit growth 
and tranquility for all. Don't allow 
yourself or others to smoke this pipe. 
3. Start with customer needs. Your 
inventory will turn over a lot faster if 
it contains what people need. Better yet 
if its also something they want. 4. Use 
your common sense. It is simply 
astonishing how far a little common 
sense will go, and how seldom it is 
used. 5. Have an advantage. If you don't 
have one, build one. Otherwise, you will 
set dead in the water. 6. Recognize your 
limitations. Enthusiasm for your product 
and your company is important, but you 
will be marching steadily into a swamp 
if you assume that everything you do is 
better than anything your competition 
does. If you competitor has a lock on a 
particular piece of the market, 
recognize your limitations. 7. Establish 
objectives. If you have nowhere to go, 
you will certainly get there. 8. Set 
your strategies. You cannot be all 
things to all customers. Fish where the 
fishing is best, and you will eat better 
than those who try to fish everywhere at 
once. 9. Execute well. There are usually 
so many slips twixt cup and lip that an 
average plan, well executed, will beat 
out a better, but badly executed, plan 
every time. 10. Analyze. If you don't 
analyze, you can't learn. And if you 
don't learn, you won't grow. 
